docs: update docs that cite compose files (#3234)
docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver: docs/content/config/security/ssl.md

An [FQDN](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fully_qualified_domain_name) (_Fully Qualified Domain Name_) such as `mail.example.com` is required for `docker-mailserver` to function correctly, especially for looking up the correct SSL certificate to use.

> - `mail.example.com` will still uses `user@example.com` as the mail address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `mail.example.com` will still use `user@example.com` as the mail address. You do not need a bare domain for that.
```

> - We usually advise not to use a bare domain (_DNS MX record does not point to a subdomain_) for your `docker-mailserver`, but [just `example.com` is supported][docs-faq-baredomain].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We usually discourage assigning a bare domain (_When your DNS MX record does not point to a subdomain_) to represent `docker-mailserver`. However, an FQDN of [just `example.com` is also supported][docs-faq-baredomain].
```
